packages/docs/src/routes/getting-started/contributing.md, before:

---
title: Contributing
description: Here is how you can contribute to Svelte Materialify and make the world a better place.
keywords: contribute, contributing, feature request
---

# Contributing

If you would like to contribute to svelte materialify and improve its functionality and features or just report a bug.

## Reporting Issues

It is important to keep your setup to a **minimum** so if you can it is better to reproduce the bug in the [repl playground](https://svelte.dev/repl/2c55788d8ffd4458bfe9bcb5f58956db). Before reporting an issue, ensure that:

- Search for a similar [issues](https://github.com/TheComputerM/svelte-materialify/issues), it may have been answered.

- Reproduction as to be **minimal** and consise.

- If possible try running the code in the [repl playground](https://svelte.dev/repl/2c55788d8ffd4458bfe9bcb5f58956db).

## Setting up your environment

Follow these instructions if you are planning to make a pull request.

## Get the source

1.  Register to [github](https://github.com/).
2.  Navigate to [svelte-materialify](https://github.com/TheComputerM/svelte-materialify)
3.  Press the fork button in the top right corner of the screen
4.  Copy the url of your browser, it should now be : https://github.com/**your_github_user_id**/svelte-materialify
5.  On your PC open a command prompt window and type the following commands

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/{your_github_user_id}/svelte-materialify.git
$ cd svelte-materialify
```

This will get the entire repository on your machine, now we can build the library.

## Build

Building is done with yarn (**not** npm).
From the root folder, install the dependencies by typing:

```shell
yarn
```

Then to build the main library, svelte materialify itself.

```shell
yarn build
```

To build and develop the documentation site.

```shell
yarn dev
```

Then you can build the API, which provides the definitions and types for the different props/events/slots for the components.

```shell
yarn api
```

## Submit your change

First make a change and make sure it works well by running `yarn lint` and `yarn test`, then commit your changes following [this syntax](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/#what-is-commitlint).

For example here

`docs: improve contributing.md`

Then push your changes to your github repository, finally from the github repository web page you can click the Pull Request button and a contributor will review the changes you made.

Commit message:

docs: better contributing advice
Signed-off-by: Florian-Schoenherr <florian.schoenherr99@gmail.com>

packages/docs/src/routes/getting-started/contributing.md, after:

---
title: Contributing
description: Here is how you can contribute to Svelte Materialify and make the world a better place.
keywords: contribute, contributing, feature request
---

# Contributing

If you would like to contribute to svelte materialify and improve its functionality and features or just report a bug.

## Reporting Issues

Before reporting an issue, ensure that you:

- searched for similar [issues](https://github.com/TheComputerM/svelte-materialify/issues), it may have been answered already

- have a **minimal**, concise, reproducible example

- have tried providing a [REPL](https://svelte.dev/repl/9982308600f043f3aeb43fb3b17f35b5?version=3.37.0)

## Setting up your environment

Follow these instructions if you are planning to make a pull request.

## Getting the source

1.  Register to [Github](https://github.com/)
2.  Navigate to [svelte-materialify](https://github.com/TheComputerM/svelte-materialify)
3.  Press the fork button in the top right corner of the screen
4.  Copy the url of your browser, it should now be: https://github.com/**your_github_user_id**/svelte-materialify
5.  On your PC, open a command prompt window and type the following commands

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/{your_github_user_id}/svelte-materialify.git
$ cd svelte-materialify
```

This will get the entire repository on your machine, now we can build the library.

## Building

Building is done with yarn (**not** npm).
From the **root folder**, install the dependencies by typing:

```shell
yarn
```

Then build the main library, svelte materialify, itself:

```shell
yarn build
```

To build and develop the documentation site:

```shell
yarn dev
```

To build the API, which provides the definitions and types for the different props/events/slots of the components:

```shell
yarn api
```

## Submitting your change

After making a change, make sure it works well by running `yarn lint` and `yarn test`, then commit your changes following [conventional commit syntax](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint/#what-is-commitlint).

For example:
`docs: improve contributing.md`

Then, push your changes to your github repository.
Finally, from the github repository web page, you can click the Pull Request button and a contributor will review the changes you made.
