packages/docs/src/routes/getting-started/installation.md, before:

---
title: Getting Started with Svelte Materialify
related:
  - components/alerts
  - components/buttons
  - styles/content
---

# Installation

Get Started with Svelte Materialify, the best material UI component library for Svelte

If you want to try out svelte materialify and tinker with it, visit the [repl playground](https://svelte.dev/repl/2c55788d8ffd4458bfe9bcb5f58956db).

We can also **optionally** add [focus-visible](https://github.com/WICG/focus-visible), if you want keyboard focused styles.

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/focus-visible@latest/dist/focus-visible.min.js"></script>
```

## Minimal Install

If want a fast and basic setup then only installing `svelte-materialify` should be fine.

```shell
$ npm i svelte-materialify
```

And then in your svelte files, import the compiled module for svelte materialify

```html
<script>
  // In a svelte file
  // Import Everything
  import * as S from 'svelte-materialify';
  // OR
  import { Button } from 'svelte-materialify';
  // Import a single component
</script>
```

## Advanced Install

If you want finer control over Svelte Materialify and installation you want to install all its peer dependencies.

```shell
$ npm i -D svelte-materialify svelte-preprocess sass postcss
```

```html
<script>
  // In a svelte file
  // Import Everything from svelte-materialify/src
  import * as S from 'svelte-materialify/src';
  // OR
  import { Button } from 'svelte-materialify/src';
  // Import a single component
</script>
```

<Components.Alert type='info'>

Now _you_ can also use SCSS and SASS styles in your own components. Learn more about [svelte-preprocess](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte-preprocess/blob/master/docs/usage.md).

</Components.Alert>

Then create a **\_material-theme.scss** file and place it in any folder, lets put it in a folder called **theme**. Then include the path in the preprocess function in your **rollup.config.js** (likewise follow the same in webpack but for svelte-loader).

Now add a **svelte.config.js** to add to the root of the project to provide better intellisense.

```js
const sveltePreprocess = require('svelte-preprocess');

module.exports = {
  preprocess: sveltePreprocess({
    scss: {
      includePaths: ['theme'],
    },
  }),
};
```

### Rollup

```js
const { preprocess } = require('./svelte.config');

export default {
  // some config...,
  plugins: [
    svelte({ preprocess }),
    // more plugins...
  ],
};
```

### Webpack

```js
const { preprocess } = require('./svelte.config');

module.exports = {
  // some config...
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /.(svelte|html)$/,
        use: {
          loader: 'svelte-loader',
          options: {
            // svelte options...,
            preprocess,
          },
        },
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

### Integrations

Learn how to integrate svelte materialify with existing frameworks.

#### Sapper

Add preprocessor for both client and server bundles.

```js
const { preprocess } = require('./svelte.config');

export default {
  client: {
    plugins: [
      svelte({
        preprocess,
        // ...
      }),
  },
  server: {
    plugins: [
      svelte({
        preprocess,
        // ...
      }),
    ],
  },
};
```

## Templates

Commit message:

docs: added description and keywords

packages/docs/src/routes/getting-started/installation.md, after:

---
title: Getting Started with Svelte Materialify
description: Here is how you can install Svelte Materialify with the tools and frameworks you love.
keywords: quick start, svelte materialify templates, installing materialify, install svelte materialify
related:
  - components/alerts
  - components/buttons
  - styles/content
---

# Installation

Get Started with Svelte Materialify, the best material UI component library for Svelte

If you want to try out svelte materialify and tinker with it, visit the [repl playground](https://svelte.dev/repl/2c55788d8ffd4458bfe9bcb5f58956db).

We can also **optionally** add [focus-visible](https://github.com/WICG/focus-visible), if you want keyboard focused styles.

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/focus-visible@latest/dist/focus-visible.min.js"></script>
```

## Minimal Install

If want a fast and basic setup then only installing `svelte-materialify` should be fine.

```shell
$ npm i svelte-materialify
```

And then in your svelte files, import the compiled module for svelte materialify

```html
<script>
  // In a svelte file
  // Import Everything
  import * as S from 'svelte-materialify';
  // OR
  import { Button } from 'svelte-materialify';
  // Import a single component
</script>
```

## Advanced Install

If you want finer control over Svelte Materialify and installation you want to install all its peer dependencies.

```shell
$ npm i -D svelte-materialify svelte-preprocess sass postcss
```

```html
<script>
  // In a svelte file
  // Import Everything from svelte-materialify/src
  import * as S from 'svelte-materialify/src';
  // OR
  import { Button } from 'svelte-materialify/src';
  // Import a single component
</script>
```

<Components.Alert type='info'>

Now _you_ can also use SCSS and SASS styles in your own components. Learn more about [svelte-preprocess](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte-preprocess/blob/master/docs/usage.md).

</Components.Alert>

Then create a **\_material-theme.scss** file and place it in any folder, lets put it in a folder called **theme**. Then include the path in the preprocess function in your **rollup.config.js** (likewise follow the same in webpack but for svelte-loader).

Now add a **svelte.config.js** to add to the root of the project to provide better intellisense.

```js
const sveltePreprocess = require('svelte-preprocess');

module.exports = {
  preprocess: sveltePreprocess({
    scss: {
      includePaths: ['theme'],
    },
  }),
};
```

### Rollup

```js
const { preprocess } = require('./svelte.config');

export default {
  // some config...,
  plugins: [
    svelte({ preprocess }),
    // more plugins...
  ],
};
```

### Webpack

```js
const { preprocess } = require('./svelte.config');

module.exports = {
  // some config...
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /.(svelte|html)$/,
        use: {
          loader: 'svelte-loader',
          options: {
            // svelte options...,
            preprocess,
          },
        },
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

### Integrations

Learn how to integrate svelte materialify with existing frameworks.

#### Sapper

Add preprocessor for both client and server bundles.

```js
const { preprocess } = require('./svelte.config');

export default {
  client: {
    plugins: [
      svelte({
        preprocess,
        // ...
      }),
  },
  server: {
    plugins: [
      svelte({
        preprocess,
        // ...
      }),
    ],
  },
};
```

## Templates
