packages/docs/src/routes/getting-started/usage.md, before:

---
title: Usage
related:
  - getting-started/installation
  - components/material-app
---

# Usage

Once you have installed Svelte Materialify and other dependencies, it is time to learn how to use it.

## Layout

All components should be children of `MaterialApp` which has all the global styles and
enables theming.

```html
<script>
  import { MaterialApp } from 'svelte-materialify';
  let theme = 'light';
</script>

<MaterialApp theme="{theme}">
  <slot />
</MaterialApp>
```

## Theming

What to customise some SCSS variables, worry not, just put them in the **\_material-theme.scss** you had created.

```scss
$body-font-family: "Poppins", "Segoe UI", sans-serif;

$spacer: 6px !default;
...
```

To access these variables in your own components just import the variable file from svelte materialify.

```scss
@import 'svelte-materialify/src/styles/variables';
```

## Components

Just import them one by one or all at once from svelte materialify.

```html
<script>
  import * as S from 'svelte-materialify';

  import { Button } from 'svelte-materialify';
  // OR import from source
  import { Button } from 'svelte-materialify/src';
  // OR directly import the button component
  import Button from 'svelte-materialify/src/components/Button/index.js';
</script>

<S.Button>These Are</S.Button>

<button>The Same Thing</button>
```

Commit message:

docs: added description and keywords

packages/docs/src/routes/getting-started/usage.md, after:

---
title: Usage
description: Here is how to use Svelte Materialify with best practices in mind.
keywords: quick start, usage, how to, use svelte materialify
related:
  - getting-started/installation
  - components/material-app
---

# Usage

Once you have installed Svelte Materialify and other dependencies, it is time to learn how to use it.

## Layout

All components should be children of `MaterialApp` which has all the global styles and
enables theming.

```html
<script>
  import { MaterialApp } from 'svelte-materialify';
  let theme = 'light';
</script>

<MaterialApp theme="{theme}">
  <slot />
</MaterialApp>
```

## Theming

What to customise some SCSS variables, worry not, just put them in the **\_material-theme.scss** you had created.

```scss
$body-font-family: "Poppins", "Segoe UI", sans-serif;

$spacer: 6px !default;
...
```

To access these variables in your own components just import the variable file from svelte materialify.

```scss
@import 'svelte-materialify/src/styles/variables';
```

## Components

Just import them one by one or all at once from svelte materialify.

```html
<script>
  import * as S from 'svelte-materialify';

  import { Button } from 'svelte-materialify';
  // OR import from source
  import { Button } from 'svelte-materialify/src';
  // OR directly import the button component
  import Button from 'svelte-materialify/src/components/Button/index.js';
</script>

<S.Button>These Are</S.Button>

<button>The Same Thing</button>
```
