packages/docs/src/routes/styles/text-and-typography.md, before:

---
title: Text and Typography
related:
  - getting-started/usage
---

# Text and Typography

Control text size, alignment, wrapping, overflow, transforms and more.

## Typography

<Components.Example file="typography/typography" />

## Text Alignment

Alignment helper classes allow you to easily re-align text. There are also available alignment classes that support responsive displays.

<Components.Example file="typography/alignment" />

## Text Decoration

Remove text decoration with the `.text-decoration-none` class or add an overline, underline or line-through by using `.text-decoration-overline`, `.text-decoration-underline`, and `.text-decoration-line-through`.

<Components.Example file="typography/decoration" />

## Text Transform

Text can be transformed with text capitalization classes.

<Components.Example file="typography/transform" />

## Font Weights

Material design, by default, supports **100**, **300**, **400**, **500**, **700**, **900** font weights and _italicized text_.

<Components.Example file="typography/weight" />

## Text Opacity

Opacity helper classes allow you to easily adjust the emphasis of text. `.text--primary` has the same opacity as default text. `.text--secondary` is used for hints and helper text. De-emphasise text with `.text--disabled`. The opacities change with the theme.

<Components.Example file="typography/opacity" />

Commit message:

docs: added description and keywords

packages/docs/src/routes/styles/text-and-typography.md, after:

---
title: Text and Typography
description: View the various typography styles. From headings to captions, with various weights, sizes and italics.
keywords: typography, headings, titles, text
related:
  - getting-started/usage
---

# Text and Typography

Control text size, alignment, wrapping, overflow, transforms and more.

## Typography

<Components.Example file="typography/typography" />

## Text Alignment

Alignment helper classes allow you to easily re-align text. There are also available alignment classes that support responsive displays.

<Components.Example file="typography/alignment" />

## Text Decoration

Remove text decoration with the `.text-decoration-none` class or add an overline, underline or line-through by using `.text-decoration-overline`, `.text-decoration-underline`, and `.text-decoration-line-through`.

<Components.Example file="typography/decoration" />

## Text Transform

Text can be transformed with text capitalization classes.

<Components.Example file="typography/transform" />

## Font Weights

Material design, by default, supports **100**, **300**, **400**, **500**, **700**, **900** font weights and _italicized text_.

<Components.Example file="typography/weight" />

## Text Opacity

Opacity helper classes allow you to easily adjust the emphasis of text. `.text--primary` has the same opacity as default text. `.text--secondary` is used for hints and helper text. De-emphasise text with `.text--disabled`. The opacities change with the theme.

<Components.Example file="typography/opacity" />
