packages/docs/src/routes/components/lists.md, before:

---
title: Lists
related:
  - components/item-groups
  - components/list-item-groups
  - components/subheader
---

# Lists

The `List` component is used to display information. It can contain an avatar, content, actions, subheaders and much more. Lists present content in a way that makes it easy to identify a specific item in a collection. They provide a consistent styling for organizing groups of text and images.

## API

- [List](/api/List/)
- [ListGroup](/api/ListGroup/)
- [ListItem](/api/ListItem/)

## Examples

Below is a collection of simple to complex examples.

### Basic

This is a basic example.
<Components.Example file="List/basic" />

### Disabled

You cannot interact with disabled `List`.
<Components.Example file="List/disabled" />

### Dense

Smol
<Components.Example file="List/dense" />

### Avatar and Icons

We can add avatars and icons to out lists.
<Components.Example file="List/avatar" />

### Nested

Using the `ListGroup` component you can create infinite levels of depth and set custom offsets.
<Components.Example file="List/nested" />

### Subheading and Dividers

Lists can contain multiple subheaders and dividers.
<Components.Example file="List/subheading" />

### Navigation

Lists can receive an alternative `nav` styling that reduces the width `ListItem` takes up as well as adding a border radius.
<Components.Example file="List/navigation" />

Commit message:

docs: added description and keywords

packages/docs/src/routes/components/lists.md, after:

---
title: Lists
description: The list component is a continuous group of text, images and icons that may contain primary or supplemental actions.
keywords: lists, svelte materialify list component, svelte list component
related:
  - components/item-groups
  - components/list-item-groups
  - components/subheader
---

# Lists

The `List` component is used to display information. It can contain an avatar, content, actions, subheaders and much more. Lists present content in a way that makes it easy to identify a specific item in a collection. They provide a consistent styling for organizing groups of text and images.

## API

- [List](/api/List/)
- [ListGroup](/api/ListGroup/)
- [ListItem](/api/ListItem/)

## Examples

Below is a collection of simple to complex examples.

### Basic

This is a basic example.
<Components.Example file="List/basic" />

### Disabled

You cannot interact with disabled `List`.
<Components.Example file="List/disabled" />

### Dense

Smol
<Components.Example file="List/dense" />

### Avatar and Icons

We can add avatars and icons to out lists.
<Components.Example file="List/avatar" />

### Nested

Using the `ListGroup` component you can create infinite levels of depth and set custom offsets.
<Components.Example file="List/nested" />

### Subheading and Dividers

Lists can contain multiple subheaders and dividers.
<Components.Example file="List/subheading" />

### Navigation

Lists can receive an alternative `nav` styling that reduces the width `ListItem` takes up as well as adding a border radius.
<Components.Example file="List/navigation" />
